Replace markdown quotes with Docusaurus admonitions to match Amber Graner quote style (#368)
ublue-os/bluefin-docs: blog/2025-05-14-bluefin-f42.md

### Documentation Improvements

> :::note
> 
> Note: Bluefin GTS users will also get this documentation update.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note[No raptor left behind...]

Bluefin GTS users will also get this documentation update.

:::
```

We will also replace the Documentation shortcut in the logo menu with this instead so that documentation will always be browsable when offline. The blue u shortcut to the online docs will remain in the menu unchanged. We hope to finish this up soon.

> :::note
> 
> The PDF is built every time we update the docs and is copied over as part of the build process, so your offiline documentation will _always_ be up to date.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note[Nice.]

The PDF is built every time we update the docs and is copied over as part of the build process, so your offline documentation will _always_ be up to date.

:::
```
